I was experimenting with what it
would feel like to be sexualized
on terms that are mine. My early life
was the opposite of that. I felt, like,
zero sexualization as a “not out” but “out”
just because of how I looked, ostracized,
freak of nature. And I identify as someone who
was, like, sexually curious very early. And so,
it felt like I had been waiting for, like,
two decades to be a sexual person. And so,
I had a lot of catching up to do. I really
wanted to be seen as desirable. And so, I
was experimenting with: What does it mean to be a
sexualizable, to be a desirable, person? And then,
I was also having fun. And so, I really saw the
bathhouse as, like, a fun place where, like,
anything goes. And if I want to wear a rubber duck
on my head, then that’s great. The more I was a
part of organizing it, the more freedom I felt to
say, “This is my house. So, I can be how I want.”